Wulfen III: Birth of Magic
As the first generation of Wulfen to experience the Shard aged, they would bare children to the world. However, to their immediate shock and perhaps horror, all the tribes noted a familiar trend: in the next generation some Wulfen were bearing marks that resembled the constellations in the sky. Each tribe reported different colors and markings, dependent on the region; the Grand Deserts gave fiery-red markings, while the Vast Plains and Endless Forests produced airy silver and lushful green markings, respectively. The Frozen Tundras and Highest Peaks produced icy/dark blue markings, while the Majestic Oceans/Lakes and Incredible Storms produced flowing blue and electrifying yellow markings.

There is only one known exception to this: the Aequil tribes. Children born in the tribes of Aequil either were born with bright golden markings, or shadowy purple markings. 

The brilliant and scholarly minds of Aer deduced a theory: It was a gift from the gods, an effect produced by the Seeds of the Cosmos that were produced by the Shard.

As these children grew and developed, they discovered that they were blessed with powers and abilities far beyond what their ancestors, even their parents, could grasp. Children of Sur were blessed with blazing fires. Children of Aer were blessed with gusting gales and magnificant flora, depending on if they lived in the Vast Plains or Endless Forests. Children of Pol were blessed with frigid ice. Children of Sundur were blessed with both gushing rivers and echoing lightning, depending on their markings. The Children of Aequil were blessed with either the brightest of lights, or the darkest of shadows, depending on their markings.

The Royal Families of Aequil were also blessed with a special ability, one which none of the other Wulfen were given: A special, heightened state of being, which grants the wielder intensified powers over their dominion, as well as heightened senses and feelings. For those who wield this power, one can often decisively indicate this form by a golden or silver glint in their eyes, as well as an effect dependent on the will and spirit of the wielder. 

From that point onwards, the Wulfen population would utilize their gifts to the advancement of their culture, their lives, and the world, in both technology and in magic.

All Wulfen were blessed with these magical powers, however their innate magical ability differs. Those that were blessed with high magical ability are called Starbound Wulfen. Those who are Non-Starbound can still use magic, however, they need fragments and pieces of the Seeds of the Cosmos. These usually come in the form of gems and function as talismans for them in order to use magic on the level of a Starbound Wulfen.

The main physical differences between Wulfen that are Starbound and Non-Starbound, is that Starbound Wulfen have horns and constellation markings, while Non-Starbound Wulfen have antlers that can grow different kinds of plants, as well as not having star markings.
