Wulfen I: Heraldic Tribes

Wulfen were, from the very start, less one entire civilization, and more so different groups of tribal societies. There were different tribes that thrived in different ways. There are too many to list, but, there are several large ones: The Sul tribe of the Grand Deserts, the Aer Tribe of the Vast Plains and Endless Forests, the Pol tribe of the Frozen Tundras and Highest Peaks, the Sundur Tribe of the Majestic Oceans/Lakes and Incredible Storms, and the Aequil Tribes of the Brightest Light and Darkest Shadow. The tribes all performed differently, and coexisted in many ways. 

The Sul tribes are, and always were, the hardiest tribes, being able to live off the unforgiving landscape of the desert. Their bodies had adapted to the harsh lifestyle of living in arid environments, giving them a distinct look from other Wulfen of Aris. They are easily able to be picked out of a crowd.

The Aer tribes have always paid claim to being the most scholarly of the Tribes, and everyone on Aris agrees. The perfect night skies laid out the stars for them to see, to learn from. This proved to be very, very important to all Wulfen for a reason not yet discussed.

The Pol tribes embrace the cold, deeming it a necessary part of life itself. These almost nomadic tribes live for the moment, and, despite having the least amount of claimed land, often produce the most adventurous and brave of Wulfen. How else would you be able to track and kill prey in a place where literally anything can kill you, if you weren't brave or courageous?

The Sundur tribes are hands-down the wealthiest of the tribes, the depths of the ocean has many treasures after all. Having access to trade routes among all the tribes through underground tunnels, and access to a majority of the mines on Aris will do that. Despite this, they are also the most philanthropic of the Wulfen, going out of their way to ensure all is good in the land. 

The Aequil tribe can easily be described with two words: Law and order. The Aequil tribe is regarded as the oldest tribe, the first Wulfen tribe. Major cases of legal discussion are dealt in Aequil jurisdiction, and are dealt with both fairness and equality. All the tribes regard the Aequil tribe as a tribe of royalty - an honored, esteemed organization of Wulfen hierarchies. Aequil is often considered the capital of all of Aris for these reasons.

Each tribe had a god that they believed in. Each god had a stellar object associated with them. The Sul tribe was tied to blazing Mercury; the Aer tribe, verdant Earth; the Pol tribe, frosted Neptune; the Sundur tribe, storming Jupiter; the Aequil tribe believed in both the darkest Moon and the brightest Sun.
