Eco 3: Fauna

The horses on Earth were originally a gift from the wulfen, long forgotten by history, but the original and much faster; strong specimens dwell in the plains of Aris, hunted by Yurilts, lion-like creatures with a neck like a giraffe.

Snake rats burrow through the tundra snow, and owl bears prowl the night. Snake rats are small and blend in well, always hunting for snow beans while digging at high speeds through the snow. The owl bear has a white coat, and hunts anything it can get its claws on. It is dangerously carnivorous and frighteningly fast.

Much like a snake rat, the wyrm creates intricate tunnels in the desert sand, sometimes for transport or convenience, but also sometimes to transport water to an oasis they plan to make their homes. Shultures are vicious birds that have an acidic spit with the strangest property: it makes you float for a short amount of time, always upwards.

The flying snakes vary in color, but their angelic like wings are always white. Small in form and very docile, they live peacefully in the mountains. However, dwelling deep within the caves are giant bats. Similar to earth’s variant, but as big as any humanoid, much larger than it has any right to be. They hunt the sundur who stray too deep from their calling in the mines, though they aren’t anything horribly powerful.

For some obscure reason, this thriving ecosystem lacks any predators. Small avians, rodents, and even the occasional canines litter the red forest, but they’re all deeply enthralled by peace and even help each other out, occasionally scavenging meals together.

Common fish of course dwell here in the river, but they are nothing compared to the shark snakes guarding each sharded tree, bigger than three wulfen combined and their for the sole purpose to serve.

The sea bed itself, the very core of Aris, is alive. When the shard landed on Aris, it instilled a deity’s soul into the planet, and out of the floor swim fish, bigger fish, and the biggest of all fish, gilled whales. Apart from these, the wolf serpent guards the world tree, not unlike the shark snakes but bigger and far deadlier, although also like the other ones, it would never in a million years attack the wulfen.
