Eco 2: Flora

Throughout the many different terrains of Aris; though similar to Earth, many species of plant are identified as specifically unique: especially those located only in one biome.

In the plains, a deep, thorough green spans the ground; blades of grass portraying the lushness of Aris. Whenever the wind howls here, air travels through the hollow reeds and creates a beautiful whistling sound. Additionally, an evolved form of photosynthesis allows wind to replace sunlight, or vice versa. The Aer tribe will use this grass as musical instruments or even signs from the gods during traditions.

Within the tundra, only one thing can survive beneath the grasses- frost beans. Growing from stiff blue stalks, these silver pods contain 3-4 beans per pocket, and only grow under pressure, with high levels of moisture, and also within a shell of deep, extreme cold. These plants don’t require sun to grow, and take their health from the frigid lack of heat. Because of their eternal survival in the snow, the Pol tribe uses these as a main food source.

The sand in this desert is different, to say the least. Although still lacking the potential of soil, it charges through the kinetic; sprouting cacti of varying sizes at alarming rates. Specifically: the hollow points of the common rose cacti can serve as medical tools, eating utensils, or even a toothpick for the most daring of warriors! As an added bonus, the desert hunters gain hydration and even fulfillment from eating or drinking either the rose buds or whatever follows out of the hole from which the hollow needle is plucked out of.

Piercing the clouds as a deft blade pierces a carrot, the mountains rise to varying heights; all of impressive stature. The dwellers of this enchanting place; the Sundur tribe, are extremely hard workers, which shows and pays off in humongous excrements. By far the wealthiest, they get a large export of goods from the deep mines of the peaks, harboring a knack for finding oddities in the most unlikely of places, and making these oddities into something useful for the entire planet. You’d think, from looking afar at these mountains, they would be laden with snow, but really the snow is light compared to the tundra at least, and the white powder shielding the peaks are actually huge fields of dandelions, which the sundur children relish playing in.

The red forests, lush with maple leaves native to the most beautiful season of autumn, populate Aris creating an awe inspiring environment for those of the sundur who would prefer low, dim, pure nature over high peaks and coal ridden sparkling caves.

The rivers and lakes of Aris are nothing short of gorgeous: red and green and blue weeds growing from the soft soil bed, natural inlets serving as docks for the travelling inhabitants, and the most special part about these: the five great lakes. Lakes formed from; supposedly, the tears of the very gods themselves. In the midst of each of these huge lakes lies a tree, each imbued with a little shard magic, which enhances a wulfen’s connection whenever they’re near. Each of these trees have an appearance collaborating to the place they are in; white and black with minimal leaves for the frozen lake of Pielyr, almost cactus like for Solstice, the boiling lake, and so on.

The great Aritian Ocean, the original site of the Shard of the Cosmos’s crashing into Aris, and home of the esteemed Aequil tribes. Not unlike the lakes, in the very center of the ocean lies the world tree. Each branch is uniquely representative, and its trunk is only described as a collaboration between light and dark: silver flowing through the folded creases of shining gold, creating a riveting balance in between chaos. In the center of this tree is where the original Shard of the Cosmos landed, but nobody knows which came first; the tree of the shard?
